<h1 style="color:Tomato;"> Football </h1>
<p> Football is the best sport to play,it is also one of the more physical and Complicated sports. it has three different groups for one team. each team has an offense, defense, and an special teams. The offense job is to get a first down everytime they get the ball, and try to score a touch down. the offense can come out in an heavy package to move the dline more easiier for the run. if a team wants to tget the ball down the feild they would come out in an pass heavy offense were there are more recivers. offenses can come out in an tripple option look were they can run or pass depending on what the deffense comes out in <p/>
<p> Defense one job is to stop the offense from scoring. the defense can come out in an heavy run stop defense. This defense has moe big lineman (5-6) in the game; this does leave the pass wide open but it do stop the run. The defense also can come out in an 3-4 look; more DB'S are in the game with this defense. It is very hard to pass against this defense but you can run all day. most teams will switch between these 2 kinds of looks to stop an offense. defending the tripple option  is one of the hardest things an team has to deal with. there is no real answer to defend it jus persue the ball as best you can.
<p> Spaical teams job is the kick the ball as far as they can without kicking it into the endzone. if the ball gets too close to the endzone the gunners have to try to save the ball from going in. if the ball is caught then the kickoff or put team has to cover the feild and make a tackle on the ballcairer. they would want to prevent a big runback from the other team. The feildgoal unit job is to kick the ball between the uprights for 3 points or 1 extra point 
